chain 30 the most open television that
never and only three days to go
the canonization of Juan Pablo second and
juan 23 several topics of course surround
this historic event one of
them the relics of whoever was the
last dad before of course before
of the last dad who has died in the in
modern times Juan Pablo second
in a chapel outside the city of
roma a nun keeps a shirt that
belonged to Pope John Paul II second in
there is blood of the pontiff because of
attempted murder against him
perpetrated by a Turkish citizen in the
plaza de san pedro on May 13 , 1981
you can still see the tears left by the
medical staff that attended him in that
then when Juan Pablo was 60 years old
the head of the operating room where she was
intervened Juan Pablo took the clothes of the
dad and saved it there commanded all eyes
land that are dieting
has thought of not voting
and it was always a not only so much a
stage yoani pablo will be eaten for mashed
law capi or that this model can goes to
be an important thing value to the prey
laporta in the heron by the turn in a
garbage manuel serrat and it is not about
of one of the most valuable relics of
karol wojtyla some of them are in
exhibition in Philippines the relics of
Juan Pablo have been classified in three
levels the first are your body your
bones and his blood the second one is concerned
to the things that belonged to him during his lifetime
and the third are the items he touched
somewhere in the world the sample of
his relics have attracted millions of
people but also those who do not
They have good intentions and they look for
get them to profit in January
2014 a vessel with dad's blood
It was stolen from the church of San Pietro
in l'aquila italy the church of santa
Maria Regina Mundi located in Rome
has a scapular of Juan Pablo
second and other articles that were
property of juan 23
but not any object that has been
close to a dad can be considered
a relic
informed francisco of our channel
youtube so you 're always informed
of the latest news from Mexico and the
world starts right now by clicking
to these videos